Who cried during her Oscar acceptance speech for Shakespeare in Love? Enter their first and last name. 
gwyneth paltrow
Who won an Oscar for her first film role in Mary Poppins? Enter their first and last name. 
julie andrews
Which film classic took its name from Ernest Dowson's Cynara?
gone with the wind
Who played the Nutty Professor in the 1996 remake of Jerry Lewis's film? Enter their first and last name. 
eddie murphy
What is Jim Carrey's profession in Liar Liar? 
lawyer
Who was cast as Princess Leia in Star Wars after her film debut in Shampoo with Warren Beatty? Enter their first and last name. 
carrie fisher
Who was the first female with two UK million-selling singles? Enter their first and last name.
celine dion
In which city is Hollywood? 
los angeles
Who did John Lennon marry? Enter their first and last name. 
yoko ono
What trumpeter became the oldest person ever to score a chart-topping single, in 1964? Enter their first and last name. 
louis armstrong
What TV cartoon character wrote on his school chalkboard. "I will not aim at the head" and "My name is not Dr. Death"? Enter their first and last name. 
bart simpson
Who was the narrator for English language version of the movie March of the Penguins? Enter their first and last name. 
morgan freeman
What actor in the James Bond movies was knighted in 2003? Enter their first and last name. 
roger moore
Which band produced the album Dark Side Of The Moon?
pink floyd
How many brothers were in the original Jackson family line up? Enter the number. 
5
What did the letter O stand for in ELO? 
orchestra
Which all time great band featured Harrison and Starkey? 
the beatles
Who sang hits like Someone Like You and Rolling in the Deep? Enter their stage name.
adele
What show has the detectives Amy Santiago and Jake Peralta? Enter the shows name
brooklyn nine nine
What was the second album Taylor Swift release in 2020?
evermore
What song did Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling sing for La La Land? Enter the song. 
city of stars
Who directed parasite? Enter their full name.
bong joon ho
Which Canadian Authour wrote The Handmaid's Tale? Enter their first and last name.
margaret atwood
In The Matrix, does Neo take the blue pill or the red pill?
red
What is the highest-grossing R-rated movie of all time?
joker
Which movie was incorrectly announced as the winner of Best Picture at the 2017 Academy Awards, during the greatest Oscars flub of all time?
la la land
How many Oscars has Meryl Streep been nominated for? Enter the number.
21
In which fictitious country is Black Panther set?
wakanda
Name the composer of the music in the film score of Jurassic Park? Enter their first and last name.
john williams
In 2019, who had the biggest selling album in the United Kingdom? Enter their first and last name.
lewis capaldi
What was Britney Spears’ first single called?
baby one more time
What is the longest running show on Broadway?
phantom of the opera
On which street would you find Bert and Ernie along with Sam Eagle?
sesame street
Where are Elsa and Anna from in the Frozen franchise?
arendelle