How many colours are there in a rainbow? Enter the number.
7
How many legs has a spider got? Enter the number.
8
What type of elephant has got the biggest ears? 
african
Who invented the electric light bulb? Enter the first and last name.
thomas edison
Who invented the telephone? Enter their last name.
bell
What temperature Celsius does water boil at? Enter the number.
100
Who discovered penicillin? Enter the last name.
fleming
What did Joseph Priesley discover in 1774?
oxygen
Where is the smallest bone in the body? 
ear
Which is the only mammal that can't jump?
elephant
What's the smallest type of tree in the world? 
bonsai
Who invented television? Enter their full name.
john logie baird
Who said E=mc2? Enter their last name.
einstein
Which planet is nearest the sun? 
mercury
What colour does red and blue make? 
purple
What's the hardest rock?
diamond
What radioactive element is extracted from carnotite and pitchblende? 
uranium
What optical aids was nearsighted model Grace Robin the first to show off in 1930?
contact lense
What creature's fossilized leg bone did John Horner discover red blood cells in, in 1993?
tyrannosaurus rex
What sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns? 
honey
What planet is named after the Greek god who personified the sky? 
uranus
What plant's meltdown was dubbed "Russian Roulette" by nuclear power wags? 
chernobyl
What is a single unit of quanta called?
quantum
What will fall off of the Great Sphinx in 200 years due to pollution and erosion, according to scholar Chikaosa Tanimoto?
head
What suntan lotion was developed by Dr. Ben Green in 1944 to protect pilots who bailed out over the Pacific?
coppertone
What was Friedrich Serturner the first to extract from opium and use as a pain reliever? 
morphine
What substance nets recyclers the most money?
aluminum
What are you shopping for if you are sized up by a Brannock Device? 
shoes
What animal travels at 25 mph under water but finds it easier to toboggan on its belly on land? 
penguin
What computer company was named after a founder's memories of spending a summer in an Oregon orchard? 
apple
What butterfly-shaped gland is located just in front of the windpipe? 
thyroid
What's short for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation"?
laser
What planet is the brightest object in the sky, after the sun and moon?
venus
What is the 35th element on periodic table? Enter the element full name.
bromine
What do leukemia sufferers have too many of? 
white blood cells
What Benjamin Holt invention was good news to farmers in 1900? 
tractor
What weather phenomenon is measured by the Beaufort scale? 
wind
What is the 20th element on periodic table? Enter the element full name.
calcium
How many days does a human red blood cell survive? Enter the number.
120
How many hearts does an octopus have? Enter the number.
3
What part of the plant conducts photosyntehsis?
leaf
What is the 2nd element on the periodic table?
helium