What’s the diameter of a basketball hoop in inches? Enter just the number.
18
How long is an Olympic sized swimming pool in meters? Enter just the number.
50
In professional basketball, how high is the basketball hoop from the ground in feet? Enter just the number.
10
What is the circumference of a baseball in inches? Enter just the number.
9
The Olympics are held every how many years? Enter just the number.
4
How many medals did China win at the Beijing Olympics in 2008? Enter just the number.
100
How many Olympic games were held in countries that no longer exist? Enter the number.
3
What sport is dubbed the ‘king of sports’?
soccer
What do you call it when a player makes three back to back strikes in bowling?
turkey
In American Football, a touchdown is worth how many points? Enter just the number.
6
What is Canada’s national summer sport?
lacrosse
How many players are on a baseball team? Enter just the number.
9
Before 1894, basketball games were played with what sort of ball?
soccer ball
What number is next (right) to the number ‘20’ on a standard British dart board?
1
What African country was the first ever to qualify for a World Cup?
egypt
The dimples on a golf ball give in traction on the terrain. How many dimples does an average golf ball have? Enter just the number.
336
How many total minutes of action are there in an average baseball game? Enter just the number.
18
What country has competed the most times in the summer Olympics without winning a gold medal?
philippines
What country has competed the most times in the summer Olympics without winning any medal at all?
liechtenstein
How many minutes was the longest recorded point in the history of tennis? Enter just the number.
29
How many minutes is a round in boxing? Enter just the number.
3
What's the highest score in a gymnastics exercise? Enter just the number.
10
How many coloured balls are there in billiards? Enter just the number.
15
How many players are there in a basketball team? Enter just the number.
5
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have? Enter just the number.
8
How many squares are there on a chess board? Enter just the number.
64
What colour starts first in chess?
white
How many events are there in the decathlon? Enter just the number.
10
How many players are there in a volleyball team? Enter just the number.
6
Where were the last Olympics of the 20th century in the USA held?
atlanta
How many 20th century Olympics were held in Los Angeles? Enter just the number.
2
In basketball, where do the Suns come from? 
phoenix
In football, what do the letters NFL stand for? 
national football league
The Davis Cup is competed for in which sport? 
tennis
Who was the opening canadian flag bearer at rio olympics 2016? Enter their first and last name.
rosie macLennan
Which city will host the 2024 Summer Olympics?
paris
Who was the closing canadian flag bearer at rio olympics 2016. Enter their first and last name.
penny oleksiak
What does nba stand for?
national basketball association